hello everyone this is mk
today we watch gaza in 1999
ichiro sarizawa and his assistant vivian
discovered a cave in philippine
cracked open due to earthquake going
further into the cave
it looks some enormous thing has crawled
from the cave and torn a wound across
the landscape as it headed toward the
sea
same time in japan janjara nuclear power
plant
joe brody the chief engineer
experiencing a major
incident most people thought it's the
after wave of the philippine earthquake
but joe brody reading the chart knows
it's something else
this result in his wife locked down in
air seal tunnel
and died in front of him their son ford
brody is 10 at different location that
time
unharmed in the present day an adult
lieutenant ford brody is returning home
from military
received call that his estranged father
joe brody
has been arrested in japan for
trespassing and is being held by the
police
ford leaves to meet his father in tokyo
ford is obviously disappointed at having
to bail out his dad
joe's small apartment looks like a
conspiracy theorist's paradise
out of pity ford suggests that his dad
come home with him
joe however is adamant about continuing
his investigation
he needs to know what happened that day
the guilty of having wife died in front
of him haunted him
ever since the incident janjura nuclear
power plant is a quarantine zone
transpass is prohibited thus why joe
thrown in jail when he tried to
investigate begrudgingly ford decides to
help his dad
they head back to the old neighborhood
to gather the stuff from old days
but once there captured and hold custody
by the enforcement
and put into interrogation room located
at the nearby the janjura nuclear power
plant old control room
joe demonstrates his knowledge in the
incident demands to know the truth on
what happened that day
outside the control room in the open
ground
we can see there is gigantic eggshell
looking thing
send out emp pulses are knocking out
their electronics
just like the incident in 1999
a massive multi-legged creature cracks
out of the shell and pounds its clawed
leg on the ground
in this chaos ford put on a gas mask and
looks up just in time to see the
creature unfurl giant wings and fly off
joe fell from height died from the
injury
the next day captain hampton informed
sarizawa that the u.s military is taking
over
but need his assistant in his expertise
sarizawa asking ford if he knows
anything about his father's research
about incident
he thinks the information 1999 can be
helpful in understanding the creature
sarizawa clues into this brings ford
into a briefing room
and explains to ford that the recently
hatched mudo
stands for massive unidentified
terrestrial organism
may be trying to communicate with
another giant monster that was found
roaming the pacific long long time ago
sarizawa explains that the nuclear tests
from 1954 weren't tests
they were attempts to kill this creature
this creature had been named gaza
and sarizawa is convinced he is
returning
since ford doesn't have much to offer as
he doesn't know his father much
he's put on a helicopter headed to
hawaii for a flight back home
the navy confirms the muto is also in
hawaii
and is currently consumed the nuclear
from russian sub
the fleet is tracking gaza which are
heading in the same direction
sarizawa posits that gaza is tracking
the muto and wants to fight it to
restore balance to nature
in honolulu ford is at the airport
waiting for the train to his terminal
sea water seems to be receding from the
shore at a rapid pace
very quickly gaza is moving out of water
squares off against the mudo but muto
manages to escape
flapping its giant wings and continuing
its journey to the mainland
the whole world now knows that the muto
and gaza exist
back on the ship they're tracking the
muto's path
it's headed to san francisco sarizawa
realized that it must
be headed to the other muto troops
arrive at nevada
to discover that the muto now confirmed
as a female
has escaped and is making a path to meet
her mate
the path leads directly through las
vegas
the second muto is much larger and more
powerful than the first and lumbers
straight through las vegas
destroying whatever lies in its path the
navy has hatched a plan to lure the two
mutos offshore with a nuclear missile
gaza will be close behind then they'll
detonate the bomb
wiping out all three monsters sarizawa
and his assistant believe the plan won't
work
as muto consume radioactives it won't
work unless the channel movie 10 minutes
is subscribed
but captain hampton claims that nothing
can survive that kind of nuclear blast
meanwhile ford hops onto a navy
transport headed to the mainland
a train is being prepared to transport
the two weapons
the bait bomb and the killer bomb ford
shoe horns himself into the detail
citing his expertise in ordnance
handling
off they go things seems to be going
just fine until the female muto smashes
the bridge
gobbles down one of the nukes and kills
everybody on the train
except for ford who jumps into the river
just as the bridge is shattered
[Music]
by morning a recovery team has found
ford and the nuke
they will fly the remaining bomb and try
to make do with a modification of the
initial idea
sarizawa comments on the arrogance of
man thinking that we can control nature
when it is the other way around
the two mutos are headed for their
reunion in san francisco
with gaza in close pursuit the whole
city is prepping for an emergency
evacuation
the larger muto tears up part of
chinatown make a nest for their
offspring
gaza emerges from the depths right by
the golden gate bridge
ready to fight the monsters gaza is
doing pretty well against the smaller
winged male but when the big female
leaves the nest to help
they join up to attack gaza the troops
in the area
including ford have found the nest and
the nuke that was previously swallowed
they begin to move it to a boat where
they have more tools and can send it
away from the city
at the nest ford sees thousands of eggs
and realizes they're an even bigger
threat
he pops off the covers on spouts from a
destroyed tanker truck to flood the
chamber with gasoline
exploded and burned all when suddenly
the nest explosion
sending the female screaming back to the
nest in a panic
this is just the break gosling needs
gaza's long spiked tail knocks the muto
into a building
killing it the female muto grieves the
loss of the babies
seems to notice ford and leans
menacingly close to him
when gaza suddenly reappears and his
spinal crest begins to glow blue
the beast lets loose with an enormous
blast of radiation breath at the female
mudo
gaza stealthily sneaks and grabs mamma
mudo by the throat
ripping her jaws open and tearing her
head off
finally gaza succumbs to its injuries
and collapses on the shore
in the aftermath ford has found his son
and wife they hug in tears sarizawa
looks with regret on the still body of
the great beast
suddenly it snorts into motion slowly
riding itself and lumbering through the
streets toward the water
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you for watching
you